README.md, before:

# gatsby-source-stripe

Source plugin for pulling in data from the [Stripe API](https://stripe.com/docs/api).

This plugin is a source plugin, so it only brings in the data (to be used, for example, in creating a Stripe dashboard, or an e-commerce store). To actually edit the data in your Stripe account, to handle transactions, make charges, you will need to use some kind of backend server or serverless architecture.

## Install

`npm install gatsby-source-stripe`

or

`yarn add gatsby-source-stripe`

## How to use

In the plugin options objects' array, specify the object types you would like to get data for. For example, if I'd like to get the lists of data for my balances, customers, and subscriptions, my objects array would look like this: `['Balance', 'Customer', 'Subscription']`.

Additionally, please only include your Stripe secret key via a .env file. We don't want your key ending up in your version-controlled source code!

Example below.

```javascript
// In your gatsby-config.js
plugins: [
  {
    resolve: `gatsby-source-stripe`,
    options: {
      objects: ['Balance', 'BalanceTransaction', 'Product', 'ApplicationFee', 'Sku', 'Subscription'],
      secretKey: 'stripe_secret_key_here'
    }
  }
]
```

### Supported List of Types

Below is a table with a list of the Stripe types supported in the options' objects array, as well as what Stripe API method the type maps to, and any other additional notes.

| Type | Stripe API Method | Notes |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Balance  | [stripe.balance.retrieve()](https://stripe.com/docs/api/balance/balance_retrieve?lang=node) | Not iterable |
| BalanceTransaction | [stripe.balance.listTransactions()](https://stripe.com/docs/api/balance/balance_history?lang=node) | None |
| Charge | [stripe.charges.list()](https://stripe.com/docs/api/charges/list?lang=node) | None |
| Customer | [stripe.customers.list()](https://stripe.com/docs/api/customers/list?lang=node) | None |
| Dispute | [stripe.disputes.list()](https://stripe.com/docs/api/disputes/list?lang=node) | None |
| Event | [stripe.events.list()](https://stripe.com/docs/api/events/list?lang=node) | None |
| File | [stripe.files.list()](https://stripe.com/docs/api/files/list?lang=node) | Not iterable |
| FileLink | [stripe.fileLinks.list()](https://stripe.com/docs/api/file_links/list?lang=node) | None |
| PaymentIntent | [stripe.paymentIntents.list()](https://stripe.com/docs/api/payment_intents/list?lang=node) | None |
| Payout | [stripe.payouts.list()](https://stripe.com/docs/api/payouts/list?lang=node) | None |
| Product | [stripe.products.list()](https://stripe.com/docs/api/products/list?lang=node) | None |
| Refund | [stripe.refunds.list()](https://stripe.com/docs/api/refunds/list?lang=node) | None |
| Coupon | [stripe.coupons.list()](https://stripe.com/docs/api/coupons/list?lang=node) | None |
| Invoice | [stripe.invoices.list()](https://stripe.com/docs/api/invoices/list?lang=node) | None |
| InvoiceItem | [stripe.invoiceItems.list()](https://stripe.com/docs/api/invoiceitems/list?lang=node) | None |
| Plan | [stripe.plans.list()](https://stripe.com/docs/api/plans/list?lang=node) | None |
| Subscription | [stripe.subscriptions.list()](https://stripe.com/docs/api/subscriptions/list?lang=node) | None |
| Account | [stripe.accounts.list()](https://stripe.com/docs/api/accounts/list?lang=node) | None |
| ApplicationFee | [stripe.applicationFees.list()](https://stripe.com/docs/api/application_fees/list?lang=node) | None |
| CountrySpec | [stripe.countrySpecs.list()](https://stripe.com/docs/api/country_specs/list?lang=node) | None |
| TopUp | [stripe.topUps.list()](https://stripe.com/docs/api/topups/list?lang=node) | None |
| Transfer | [stripe.transfers.list()](https://stripe.com/docs/api/transfers/list?lang=node) | None |
| IssuingAuthorization | [stripe.issuing.authorizations.list()](https://stripe.com/docs/api/issuing/authorizations/list?lang=node) | Issuing is in closed beta. Can only get data if you have access to the beta. |
| IssuingCardholder | [stripe.issuing.cardholders.list()](https://stripe.com/docs/api/issuing/cardholders/list?lang=node) | Issuing is in closed beta. Can only get data if you have access to the beta. |
| IssuingCard | [stripe.issuing.cards.list()](https://stripe.com/docs/api/issuing/cards/list?lang=node) | Issuing is in closed beta. Can only get data if you have access to the beta. |
| IssuingDispute | [stripe.issuing.disputes.list()](https://stripe.com/docs/api/issuing/disputes/list?lang=node) | Issuing is in closed beta. Can only get data if you have access to the beta. |
| IssuingTransaction | [stripe.issuing.transactions.list()](https://stripe.com/docs/api/issuing/transactions/list?lang=node) | Issuing is in closed beta. Can only get data if you have access to the beta. |
| TerminalLocation | [stripe.terminal.locations.list()](https://stripe.com/docs/api/terminal/locations/list?lang=node) | None |
| TerminalReader | [stripe.terminal.readers.list()](https://stripe.com/docs/api/terminal/readers/list?lang=node) | None |
| Order | [stripe.orders.list()](https://stripe.com/docs/api/orders/list?lang=node) | None |
| OrderReturn | [stripe.orderReturns.list()](https://stripe.com/docs/api/order_returns/list?lang=node) | None |
| Sku | [stripe.skus.list()](https://stripe.com/docs/api/skus/list?lang=node) | None |
| SigmaScheduledQueryRun | [stripe.sigma.ScheduledQueryRuns.list()](https://stripe.com/docs/api/sigma/scheduled_queries/list?lang=node) | Only works with live secret keys, not test keys |
| WebhookEndpoint | [stripe.webhookEndpoints.list()](https://stripe.com/docs/api/webhook_endpoints/list?lang=node) | None |


## Expanding Objects

All Stripe objects that [have expandable](https://stripe.com/docs/api#expanding_objects) sub-objects have been expanded. For example, when you retrieve a SKU using the Stripe API, there's a "product" key in the returned SKU object, which by default is an id of an associated product object. Instead of you having to query for that specific product object, this plugin will auto-expand it for you, so all of the associated product data can be accessed via the SKU object.

## How to query

You can query all of the different Stripe object data like the following:

```graphql
{
  allStripeCustomer {
    edges {
      node {
        id,
        active,
        attributes,
        skus {
          id
        }
      }
    }
  }
}
```

Just replace "Customer" with the singular version of the string used in the objects array in gatsby-config.js.

You can also query for a specific object like this:

```graphql
{
  StripeCustomer(id: { eq: "customer_id_here" }) {
    id,
    name
  }
}
```

Commit message:

Update expanding objects section and add auto-pagination section

README.md, after:

# gatsby-source-stripe

Source plugin for pulling in data from the [Stripe API](https://stripe.com/docs/api).

This plugin is a source plugin, so it only brings in the data (to be used, for example, in creating a Stripe dashboard, or an e-commerce store). To actually edit the data in your Stripe account, to handle transactions, make charges, you will need to use some kind of backend server or serverless architecture.

## Install

`npm install gatsby-source-stripe`

or

`yarn add gatsby-source-stripe`

## How to use

**NOTE: This plugin only supports Node v.10 and above, and has been tested against v10.13.0. If you experience any issues, first make sure you're running at least Node v.10.**

In the plugin options objects' array, specify the object types you would like to get data for. For example, if I'd like to get the lists of data for my balances, customers, and subscriptions, my objects array would look like this: `['Balance', 'Customer', 'Subscription']`.

Additionally, please only include your Stripe secret key via a .env file. We don't want your key ending up in your version-controlled source code!

Example below.

```javascript
// In your gatsby-config.js
plugins: [
  {
    resolve: `gatsby-source-stripe`,
    options: {
      objects: ['Balance', 'BalanceTransaction', 'Product', 'ApplicationFee', 'Sku', 'Subscription'],
      secretKey: 'stripe_secret_key_here'
    }
  }
]
```

### Supported List of Types

Below is a table with a list of the Stripe types supported in the options' objects array, as well as what Stripe API method the type maps to, and any other additional notes.

| Type | Stripe API Method | Notes |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Balance  | [stripe.balance.retrieve()](https://stripe.com/docs/api/balance/balance_retrieve?lang=node) | Not iterable |
| BalanceTransaction | [stripe.balance.listTransactions()](https://stripe.com/docs/api/balance/balance_history?lang=node) | None |
| Charge | [stripe.charges.list()](https://stripe.com/docs/api/charges/list?lang=node) | None |
| Customer | [stripe.customers.list()](https://stripe.com/docs/api/customers/list?lang=node) | None |
| Dispute | [stripe.disputes.list()](https://stripe.com/docs/api/disputes/list?lang=node) | None |
| Event | [stripe.events.list()](https://stripe.com/docs/api/events/list?lang=node) | None |
| File | [stripe.files.list()](https://stripe.com/docs/api/files/list?lang=node) | Not iterable |
| FileLink | [stripe.fileLinks.list()](https://stripe.com/docs/api/file_links/list?lang=node) | None |
| PaymentIntent | [stripe.paymentIntents.list()](https://stripe.com/docs/api/payment_intents/list?lang=node) | None |
| Payout | [stripe.payouts.list()](https://stripe.com/docs/api/payouts/list?lang=node) | None |
| Product | [stripe.products.list()](https://stripe.com/docs/api/products/list?lang=node) | None |
| Refund | [stripe.refunds.list()](https://stripe.com/docs/api/refunds/list?lang=node) | None |
| Coupon | [stripe.coupons.list()](https://stripe.com/docs/api/coupons/list?lang=node) | None |
| Invoice | [stripe.invoices.list()](https://stripe.com/docs/api/invoices/list?lang=node) | None |
| InvoiceItem | [stripe.invoiceItems.list()](https://stripe.com/docs/api/invoiceitems/list?lang=node) | None |
| Plan | [stripe.plans.list()](https://stripe.com/docs/api/plans/list?lang=node) | None |
| Subscription | [stripe.subscriptions.list()](https://stripe.com/docs/api/subscriptions/list?lang=node) | None |
| Account | [stripe.accounts.list()](https://stripe.com/docs/api/accounts/list?lang=node) | None |
| ApplicationFee | [stripe.applicationFees.list()](https://stripe.com/docs/api/application_fees/list?lang=node) | None |
| CountrySpec | [stripe.countrySpecs.list()](https://stripe.com/docs/api/country_specs/list?lang=node) | None |
| TopUp | [stripe.topUps.list()](https://stripe.com/docs/api/topups/list?lang=node) | None |
| Transfer | [stripe.transfers.list()](https://stripe.com/docs/api/transfers/list?lang=node) | None |
| IssuingAuthorization | [stripe.issuing.authorizations.list()](https://stripe.com/docs/api/issuing/authorizations/list?lang=node) | Issuing is in closed beta. Can only get data if you have access to the beta. |
| IssuingCardholder | [stripe.issuing.cardholders.list()](https://stripe.com/docs/api/issuing/cardholders/list?lang=node) | Issuing is in closed beta. Can only get data if you have access to the beta. |
| IssuingCard | [stripe.issuing.cards.list()](https://stripe.com/docs/api/issuing/cards/list?lang=node) | Issuing is in closed beta. Can only get data if you have access to the beta. |
| IssuingDispute | [stripe.issuing.disputes.list()](https://stripe.com/docs/api/issuing/disputes/list?lang=node) | Issuing is in closed beta. Can only get data if you have access to the beta. |
| IssuingTransaction | [stripe.issuing.transactions.list()](https://stripe.com/docs/api/issuing/transactions/list?lang=node) | Issuing is in closed beta. Can only get data if you have access to the beta. |
| TerminalLocation | [stripe.terminal.locations.list()](https://stripe.com/docs/api/terminal/locations/list?lang=node) | None |
| TerminalReader | [stripe.terminal.readers.list()](https://stripe.com/docs/api/terminal/readers/list?lang=node) | None |
| Order | [stripe.orders.list()](https://stripe.com/docs/api/orders/list?lang=node) | None |
| OrderReturn | [stripe.orderReturns.list()](https://stripe.com/docs/api/order_returns/list?lang=node) | None |
| Sku | [stripe.skus.list()](https://stripe.com/docs/api/skus/list?lang=node) | None |
| SigmaScheduledQueryRun | [stripe.sigma.ScheduledQueryRuns.list()](https://stripe.com/docs/api/sigma/scheduled_queries/list?lang=node) | Only works with live secret keys, not test keys |
| WebhookEndpoint | [stripe.webhookEndpoints.list()](https://stripe.com/docs/api/webhook_endpoints/list?lang=node) | None |


## Expanding Objects

Expanding all Stripe objects is tricky, as some objects have a lot of nested sub-objects to expand! We've tried to auto-expand as much of the top-level objects as possible. You can peruse a list of what is expanded per object in the `stripeObjects.json` file.

## Auto-pagination

**NOTE: Due to stripe-node's [autopagination recommendations](https://github.com/stripe/stripe-node#auto-pagination) this plugin only supports Node v.10 and above, and has been tested against v10.13.0. If you experience any issues, first make sure you're running at least Node v.10.**

All list responses are fully paginated.

## How to query

You can query all of the different Stripe object data like the following:

```graphql
{
  allStripeCustomer {
    edges {
      node {
        id,
        active,
        attributes,
        skus {
          id
        }
      }
    }
  }
}
```

Just replace "Customer" with the singular version of the string used in the objects array in gatsby-config.js.

You can also query for a specific object like this:

```graphql
{
  StripeCustomer(id: { eq: "customer_id_here" }) {
    id,
    name
  }
}
```
